Unified DynamicData implementation for both reader and writer (#4278)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/news.d/dynamic-data-renovate.rst

.. news-prs: 4278

.. news-start-section: Fixes

> - Updated the behavior of the DynamicData API.

Author: We only include parts of the PR that are relevant to the user and not the internal details, is that correct?

> - Updated the behavior of the DynamicData API.

Reviewer: Yes, but if that's the case there's no need to include it in the news. Since the devguide is changing it seems news worthy.

> - Updated the behavior of the DynamicData API.

Author: Yeah, the API part is relevant. I was wondering about other parts like the backing store and serialization.

> - Updated the behavior of the DynamicData API.

Reviewer: The actual internals probably not. The fact that you can modify and pass a `DynamicData` from `DynamicDataReader` to `DynamicDataWriter` is probably worth mentioning in additions.

.. news-prs: 4278

.. news-start-section: Fixes

> - Updated the semantics of DynamicData for union, expandable collections (sequence and string), and optinal member of an aggregated type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the semantics of DynamicData for union, expandable collections (sequence and string), and optional member of an aggregated type.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the semantics of DynamicData for unions, expandable collections (sequence and string), and optional members of an aggregated type.
```
